Polls 05 23 (#1769)
makerdao/community: governance/polls/Inclusion Poll - Implementation of an Antalpha Institutional Vault- May 23, 2022.md

---

> title: Inclusion Poll - Implementation of an Antalpha Institutional Vault - May 23, 2022

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Investigate Implementation of an Antalpha Institutional Vault - May 23, 2022
```

Reviewer: Probably wouldn't bother with "Inclusion Poll" 

Add "Investigate" to the poll file name too @Hipogeo 

Also need to add a space " " after the word "Vault" in the file name

summary: Signal your support or opposition to prioritizing the onboarding of an Antalpha Institutional Vault
discussion_link: https://forum.makerdao.com/t/signal-request-antalpha-institutional-vault/15030
vote_type: Plurality Voting
categories:
   - Collateral
   - Medium Impact
options:
   0: Abstain
   1: Yes (Greenlight)
   2: No (Defer)
start_date: 2022-05-23T16:00:00
end_date: 2022-05-26T16:00:00
---

> # Poll: Inclusion Poll - Implementation of an Antalpha Institutional Vault - May 23, 2022

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Poll: Investigate Implementation of an Antalpha Institutional Vault - May 23, 2022
```

The Governance Facilitators have placed a Governance Poll into the voting system on behalf of the Maker Community. This Governance [Poll](https://community-development.makerdao.com/en/learn/governance/on-chain-gov) will be active for three days beginning Monday, May 23 at 16:00 UTC.

**This is a binary vote.** 
- **You may vote for a single option.** 
- **You should vote for the option which you prefer.**
- **If you would accept either option, you should vote 'Abstain'.**

## Review

This poll asks whether an Antalpha Institutional Vault should be prioritized for inclusion in the Maker Protocol by the [Core Units](https://mips.makerdao.com/mips/details/MIP38#mip38c2-core-unit-state) and [Domain Teams](https://mips.makerdao.com/mips/details/MIP7#mip7c2-the-current-domain-roles-list). 

Please review the discussion [thread](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/signal-request-antalpha-institutional-vault/15030) to help inform your position before voting.

## Outcomes

**Regardless of the winning option the following actions will be taken at the conclusion of this poll:**

> * An Antalpha Institutional Vault vault-type will be added to the [Collateral Prioritisation Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1IX9e2fyfz7djtDMKn5gMyGsyFxHoY75GncMbAjnSXrM/edit#gid=0) by the Collateral Engineering Services Core Unit. 

Author: Done!

> * An Antalpha Institutional Vault vault-type will be added to the [Collateral Prioritisation Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1IX9e2fyfz7djtDMKn5gMyGsyFxHoY75GncMbAjnSXrM/edit#gid=0) by the Collateral Engineering Services Core Unit. 

Reviewer: This isn't showing as done for me

* This Antalpha Institutional Vault will be added with a 'greenlight score' calculated using the outcome of this poll using the formula `Score = 'Yes' Votes - 'No' Votes`

> * The Core Units and Domain Teams will use the Collateral Prioritisation Sheet to direct their work on onboarding new vault-types.

Author: Done!

> * The Core Units and Domain Teams will use the Collateral Prioritisation Sheet to direct their work on onboarding new vault-types.

Reviewer: This isn't showing as done for me
